fix(protocol-designer): update announcement modal and release-notes 8… (#19914)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: protocol-designer/release-notes.md

---

## Opentrons Protocol Designer Changes in 8.6.1

**Welcome to Protocol Designer 8.6.1!**

> Protocol Designer v8.6.1 updates user information for protocol generation and software versions.

Reviewer: Remembered that we usually denote what's a hotfix and what isn't:

```suggestion
This hotfix release updates user information for protocol generation and software versions.
```
